docs: fix assorted typos (#9501)
ibis-project/ibis: docs/how-to/configure/basics.qmd

## Overview

> Ibis configuration happens through the `ibis.options` attribute. Attributes can be got and set like class attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ibis configuration happens through the `ibis.options` attribute. Attributes can be read and written like class attributes.
```
